up-and-running-with-svelte-3/README.md, before:

# Up and running with Svelte 3

## Description

This course goes over the basics of Svelte 3. What is [Svelte](https://svelte.dev)? Instead of doing the work of building user interfaces in the browser - Svelte completes its work during a compile stage. This short course introduces the basic concepts of Svelte 3 and is a great starting point for creating your first Svelte site.

- [Up and running with Svelte 3](#up-and-running-with-svelte-3)
  - [1. WTF is Svelte?](./notes/1-wtf-is-svelte.md)
  - [2. Create a new project with Svelte 3](./notes/2-create-a-new-project-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [3. Add data to HTML markup using Svelte 3](./notes/3-add-data-to-html-markup-using-svelte-3.md)
  - [4. Up and running with Svelte 3](./notes/4-up-and-running-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [5. Create a new Svelte 3 component to render it inside of another component](./notes/5-create-a-new-svelte-3-component-to-render-it-inside-of-another-component.md)
  - [6. Declare and pass in properties to a Svelte 3 component](./notes/6-declare-and-pass-in-properties-to-a-svelte-3-component.md)
  - [7. Compose components with slots in Svelte 3](./notes/7-compose-components-with-slots-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [8. Use named slots to compose multiple components in Svelte 3](./notes/8-use-named-slots-to-compose-multiple-components-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [9. Render HTML directly into a component in Svelte 3](./notes/9-render-html-directly-into-a-component-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [10. Use Svelte 3 to gracefully show and hide DOM elements](./notes/10-use-svelte-3-to-gracefully-show-and-hide-DOM-elements.md)
  - [11. Use reactive declarations to compute component state in Svelte 3](./notes/11-use-reactive-declarations-to-compute-component-state-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [12. Loop over and render a list of data using an each block in Svelte 3](./notes/12-loop-over-and-render-a-list-of-data-using-an-each-block-in-Svelte-3.md)
  - [13. Use await block to wait for a promise and handle loading state in Svelte 3](./notes/13-use-await-block-to-wait-for-a-promise-and-handle-loading-state-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [14. Use DOM events and event modifiers in Svelte 3](./notes/14-use-dom-events-and-event-modifiers-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [15. Use an onMount lifecycle method to fetch and render data in Svelte 3](./notes/15-use-an-onmount-lifecycle-method-to-fetch-and-render-data-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [16. Use Svelte 3 stores to share data between multiple unrelated components](./notes/16-use-svelte-3-stores-to-share-data-between-multiple-unrelated-components.md)
  - [17. Set a value to a Svelte 3 store](./notes/17-set-a-value-to-a-svelte-3-store.md)
  - [18. Use auto-subscriptions in Svelte 3 to avoid memory leaks when using Stores](./notes/18-use-auto-subscriptions-in-svelte-3-to-avoid-memory-leaks-when-using-stores.md)
  - [19. Tween a value and dynamically update the DOM with Svelte 3](./notes/19-tween-a-value-and-dynamically-update-the-dom-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [20. Create a new Svelte project with TypeScript support](./notes/20-create-a-new-svelte-project-with-typescript-support.md)

Commit message:

add reference to my article - fix a couple small typos

up-and-running-with-svelte-3/README.md, after:

# Up and running with Svelte 3

## Description

This course goes over the basics of Svelte 3. What is [Svelte](https://svelte.dev)? Instead of doing the work of building user interfaces in the browser - Svelte completes its work during a compile stage. This short course introduces the basic concepts of Svelte 3 and is a great starting point for creating your first Svelte site.

## Example Site

After watching through this course, I created a Svelte site and [wrote a short article](https://www.dschapman.com/articles/create-a-svelte-site) about how to create a Svelte site.

- [Up and running with Svelte 3](#up-and-running-with-svelte-3)
  - [1. WTF is Svelte?](./notes/1-wtf-is-svelte.md)
  - [2. Create a new project with Svelte 3](./notes/2-create-a-new-project-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [3. Add data to HTML markup using Svelte 3](./notes/3-add-data-to-html-markup-using-svelte-3.md)
  - [4. Up and running with Svelte 3](./notes/4-up-and-running-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [5. Create a new Svelte 3 component to render it inside of another component](./notes/5-create-a-new-svelte-3-component-to-render-it-inside-of-another-component.md)
  - [6. Declare and pass in properties to a Svelte 3 component](./notes/6-declare-and-pass-in-properties-to-a-svelte-3-component.md)
  - [7. Compose components with slots in Svelte 3](./notes/7-compose-components-with-slots-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [8. Use named slots to compose multiple components in Svelte 3](./notes/8-use-named-slots-to-compose-multiple-components-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [9. Render HTML directly into a component in Svelte 3](./notes/9-render-html-directly-into-a-component-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [10. Use Svelte 3 to gracefully show and hide DOM elements](./notes/10-use-svelte-3-to-gracefully-show-and-hide-DOM-elements.md)
  - [11. Use reactive declarations to compute component state in Svelte 3](./notes/11-use-reactive-declarations-to-compute-component-state-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [12. Loop over and render a list of data using an each block in Svelte 3](./notes/12-loop-over-and-render-a-list-of-data-using-an-each-block-in-Svelte-3.md)
  - [13. Use await block to wait for a promise and handle loading state in Svelte 3](./notes/13-use-await-block-to-wait-for-a-promise-and-handle-loading-state-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [14. Use DOM events and event modifiers in Svelte 3](./notes/14-use-dom-events-and-event-modifiers-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [15. Use an onMount lifecycle method to fetch and render data in Svelte 3](./notes/15-use-an-onmount-lifecycle-method-to-fetch-and-render-data-in-svelte-3.md)
  - [16. Use Svelte 3 stores to share data between multiple unrelated components](./notes/16-use-svelte-3-stores-to-share-data-between-multiple-unrelated-components.md)
  - [17. Set a value to a Svelte 3 store](./notes/17-set-a-value-to-a-svelte-3-store.md)
  - [18. Use auto-subscriptions in Svelte 3 to avoid memory leaks when using Stores](./notes/18-use-auto-subscriptions-in-svelte-3-to-avoid-memory-leaks-when-using-stores.md)
  - [19. Tween a value and dynamically update the DOM with Svelte 3](./notes/19-tween-a-value-and-dynamically-update-the-dom-with-svelte-3.md)
  - [20. Create a new Svelte project with TypeScript support](./notes/20-create-a-new-svelte-project-with-typescript-support.md)
