build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/README.md, before:

# [Build a React Native Application for iOS and Android from Start to Finish](https://egghead.io/courses/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish)

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/series/square_covers/000/000/242/full/EGH_ReactTakeoutbox_.png" width="300"/></p>

## About 🔍

If you already know React, then React Native is a great way to build mobile apps for iOS and Android. Of course, web and mobile apps are very different to build — but this course serves as your guide.

In this course, we’ll build a mobile app from start to release with React Native for both iOS and Android. Prior React experience is required, but you don’t have to know anything about mobile development to participate.

Throughout the course, we’ll be building a “Restaurant Review” app. We’ll use all the standard mobile UI elements like text, images, form inputs, buttons, scroll views, and icons, and we’ll show several navigation techniques like push, modal, and tabs. The app will make HTTP API calls to a server and will store data on the device with AsyncStorage. Finally, we’ll specify a custom app icon and splash screen, deploy the app to a physical device, and prepare the app for release to the App Store and Play Store or for ad-hoc release.

## Instructor 👨‍💻

[Chris Achard](https://chrisachard.com). Teaching everything I know about React, React Native, Ruby on Rails, Node.js, and machine learning!

[Chris's courses at egghead.](https://egghead.io/instructors/chris-achard)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [01 - Create a React Native App and Run it on the iOS Simulator and Android Emulator](notes/01-create-a-react-native-app-and-run-it-on-the-ios-simulator-and-android-emulator.md)
- [02 - Reload the Simulator when Changes Occur in React Native Apps](notes/02-reload-the-simulator-when-changes-occur-in-react-native-apps.md)
- [03 - Display and Format Text in a React Native Application](notes/03-display-and-format-text-in-a-react-native-application.md)
- [04 - Layout React Native Components with Flexbox](notes/04-layout-react-native-components-with-flexbox.md)
- [05 - Style Components in a React Native App with StyleSheet](notes/05-style-components-in-a-react-native-app-with-stylesheet.md)
- [06 - Accept User Input with React Native TextInput](notes/06-accept-user-input-with-react-native-textinput.md)
- [07 - Write to the Console Log in a React Native App](notes/07-write-to-the-console-log-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [08 - Use the Debugger in a React Native App](notes/08-use-the-debugger-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [09 - Style React Native Components Differently on iOS and Android](notes/09-style-react-native-components-differently-on-ios-and-android.md)
- [10 - Clean Up the Folder Structure and Imports in a React Native App with Absolute Paths](notes/10-clean-up-the-folder-structure-and-imports-in-a-react-native-app-with-absolute-paths.md)
- [11 - Scroll Elements on a React Native Screen with ScrollView](notes/11-scroll-elements-on-a-react-native-screen-with-scrollview.md)
- [12 - Display a List of Items in React Native with FlatList](notes/12-display-a-list-of-items-in-react-native-with-flatlist.md)
- [13 - Make a Touchable Button in React Native](notes/13-make-a-touchable-button-in-react-native.md)
- [14 - Fetch Data from an HTTP Server in a React Native Application using fetch or axios](notes/14-fetch-data-from-an-http-server-in-a-react-native-application-using-fetch-or-axios.md)
- [15 - Display Local and Remote Images in React Native](notes/15-display-local-and-remote-images-in-react-native.md)
- [16 - Add Icons to a React Native App with React Native Vector Icons](notes/16-add-icons-to-a-react-native-app-with-react-native-vector-icons.md)
- [17 - Show a New Screen with React Navigation and StackNavigator](notes/17-show-a-new-screen-with-react-navigation-and-stacknavigator.md)
- [18 - Customize the StackNavigator Header with React Navigation in a React Native App](notes/18-customize-the-stacknavigator-header-with-react-navigation-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [19 - Pass Data Between Screens when Navigating with StackNavigator](notes/19-pass-data-between-screens-when-navigating-with-stacknavigator.md)
- [20 - Add Bottom Tabs to a React Native App with React Navigation](notes/20-add-bottom-tabs-to-a-react-native-app-with-react-navigation.md)
- [21 - Add a Modal Screen that Pops Up from the Bottom with React Navigation](notes/21-add-a-modal-screen-that-pops-up-from-the-bottom-with-react-navigation.md)
- [22 - Ensure Text Fields Don't Get Covered by the On Screen Keyboard](notes/22-ensure-text-fields-don't-get-covered-by-the-on-screen-keyboard.md)
- [23 - Show a Spinner while Submitting a Form in React Native with ActivityIndicator](notes/23-show-a-spinner-while-submitting-a-form-in-react-native-with-activityindicator.md)
- [24 - Save and Retrieve Data on the Device in a React Native App with AsyncStorage](notes/24-save-and-retrieve-data-on-the-device-in-a-react-native-app-with-asyncstorage.md)
- [25 - Change the Splash Screen for iOS Apps built with React Native](notes/25-change-the-splash-screen-for-ios-apps-built-with-react-native.md)
- [26 - Change the Splash Screen for Android Apps built with React Native](notes/26-change-the-splash-screen-for-android-apps-built-with-react-native.md)
- [27 - Change the App Icon for React Native Apps on iOS](notes/27-change-the-app-icon-for-react-native-apps-on-ios.md)
- [28 - Change the App Icon for React Native Apps on Android](notes/28-change-the-app-icon-for-react-native-apps-on-android.md)
- [29 - Run a React Native App on an iOS Device](notes/29-run-a-react-native-app-on-an-ios-device.md)
- [30 - Run a React Native App on an Android Device](notes/30-run-a-react-native-app-on-an-android-device.md)
- [31 - Build an iOS React Native App for Uploading to the iOS App Store or TestFlight](notes/31-build-an-ios-react-native-app-for-uploading-to-the-ios-app-store-or-testflight.md)
- [32 - Build an Android React Native App for the Google Play Store or for Ad Hoc Distribution](notes/32-build-an-android-react-native-app-for-the-google-play-store-or-for-ad-hoc-distribution.md)

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/dijonmusters"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13792200?s=460&u=a4fe6e9e2a155e1f8e88cc261583c116d953d491&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jon Meyers</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/notes" title="Content">🖋</td>
  </tr>
</table>

[✏️ Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/tree/master/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/notes)

Commit message:

add emojis and legend for easier parsing

build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/README.md, after:

# [Build a React Native Application for iOS and Android from Start to Finish](https://egghead.io/courses/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish)

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/series/square_covers/000/000/242/full/EGH_ReactTakeoutbox_.png" width="300"/></p>

## About 🔍

If you already know React, then React Native is a great way to build mobile apps for iOS and Android. Of course, web and mobile apps are very different to build — but this course serves as your guide.

In this course, we’ll build a mobile app from start to release with React Native for both iOS and Android. Prior React experience is required, but you don’t have to know anything about mobile development to participate.

Throughout the course, we’ll be building a “Restaurant Review” app. We’ll use all the standard mobile UI elements like text, images, form inputs, buttons, scroll views, and icons, and we’ll show several navigation techniques like push, modal, and tabs. The app will make HTTP API calls to a server and will store data on the device with AsyncStorage. Finally, we’ll specify a custom app icon and splash screen, deploy the app to a physical device, and prepare the app for release to the App Store and Play Store or for ad-hoc release.

## Instructor 👨‍💻

[Chris Achard](https://chrisachard.com). Teaching everything I know about React, React Native, Ruby on Rails, Node.js, and machine learning!

[Chris's courses at egghead.](https://egghead.io/instructors/chris-achard)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [01 - Create a React Native App and Run it on the iOS Simulator and Android Emulator](notes/01-create-a-react-native-app-and-run-it-on-the-ios-simulator-and-android-emulator.md)
- [02 - Reload the Simulator when Changes Occur in React Native Apps](notes/02-reload-the-simulator-when-changes-occur-in-react-native-apps.md)
- [03 - Display and Format Text in a React Native Application](notes/03-display-and-format-text-in-a-react-native-application.md)
- [04 - Layout React Native Components with Flexbox](notes/04-layout-react-native-components-with-flexbox.md)
- [05 - Style Components in a React Native App with StyleSheet](notes/05-style-components-in-a-react-native-app-with-stylesheet.md)
- [06 - Accept User Input with React Native TextInput](notes/06-accept-user-input-with-react-native-textinput.md)
- [07 - Write to the Console Log in a React Native App](notes/07-write-to-the-console-log-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [08 - Use the Debugger in a React Native App](notes/08-use-the-debugger-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [09 - Style React Native Components Differently on iOS and Android](notes/09-style-react-native-components-differently-on-ios-and-android.md)
- [10 - Clean Up the Folder Structure and Imports in a React Native App with Absolute Paths](notes/10-clean-up-the-folder-structure-and-imports-in-a-react-native-app-with-absolute-paths.md)
- [11 - Scroll Elements on a React Native Screen with ScrollView](notes/11-scroll-elements-on-a-react-native-screen-with-scrollview.md)
- [12 - Display a List of Items in React Native with FlatList](notes/12-display-a-list-of-items-in-react-native-with-flatlist.md)
- [13 - Make a Touchable Button in React Native](notes/13-make-a-touchable-button-in-react-native.md)
- [14 - Fetch Data from an HTTP Server in a React Native Application using fetch or axios](notes/14-fetch-data-from-an-http-server-in-a-react-native-application-using-fetch-or-axios.md)
- [15 - Display Local and Remote Images in React Native](notes/15-display-local-and-remote-images-in-react-native.md)
- [16 - Add Icons to a React Native App with React Native Vector Icons](notes/16-add-icons-to-a-react-native-app-with-react-native-vector-icons.md)
- [17 - Show a New Screen with React Navigation and StackNavigator](notes/17-show-a-new-screen-with-react-navigation-and-stacknavigator.md)
- [18 - Customize the StackNavigator Header with React Navigation in a React Native App](notes/18-customize-the-stacknavigator-header-with-react-navigation-in-a-react-native-app.md)
- [19 - Pass Data Between Screens when Navigating with StackNavigator](notes/19-pass-data-between-screens-when-navigating-with-stacknavigator.md)
- [20 - Add Bottom Tabs to a React Native App with React Navigation](notes/20-add-bottom-tabs-to-a-react-native-app-with-react-navigation.md)
- [21 - Add a Modal Screen that Pops Up from the Bottom with React Navigation](notes/21-add-a-modal-screen-that-pops-up-from-the-bottom-with-react-navigation.md)
- [22 - Ensure Text Fields Don't Get Covered by the On Screen Keyboard](notes/22-ensure-text-fields-don't-get-covered-by-the-on-screen-keyboard.md)
- [23 - Show a Spinner while Submitting a Form in React Native with ActivityIndicator](notes/23-show-a-spinner-while-submitting-a-form-in-react-native-with-activityindicator.md)
- [24 - Save and Retrieve Data on the Device in a React Native App with AsyncStorage](notes/24-save-and-retrieve-data-on-the-device-in-a-react-native-app-with-asyncstorage.md)
- [25 - Change the Splash Screen for iOS Apps built with React Native](notes/25-change-the-splash-screen-for-ios-apps-built-with-react-native.md)
- [26 - Change the Splash Screen for Android Apps built with React Native](notes/26-change-the-splash-screen-for-android-apps-built-with-react-native.md)
- [27 - Change the App Icon for React Native Apps on iOS](notes/27-change-the-app-icon-for-react-native-apps-on-ios.md)
- [28 - Change the App Icon for React Native Apps on Android](notes/28-change-the-app-icon-for-react-native-apps-on-android.md)
- [29 - Run a React Native App on an iOS Device](notes/29-run-a-react-native-app-on-an-ios-device.md)
- [30 - Run a React Native App on an Android Device](notes/30-run-a-react-native-app-on-an-android-device.md)
- [31 - Build an iOS React Native App for Uploading to the iOS App Store or TestFlight](notes/31-build-an-ios-react-native-app-for-uploading-to-the-ios-app-store-or-testflight.md)
- [32 - Build an Android React Native App for the Google Play Store or for Ad Hoc Distribution](notes/32-build-an-android-react-native-app-for-the-google-play-store-or-for-ad-hoc-distribution.md)

## Emoji Legend 🧠
| emoji |        explanation        |
| ----- | :-----------------------: |
| 📹    | links to the course video |
| 💻    |     course repository     |
| ⌨️     |     keyboard shortcut     |
| 🤔    |   additional resources    |
| 👍    |       good practice       |
| ❗    |    significant change     |

## ❗Significant Changes

This course uses react-navigation version 2. The current version is 5 and contains a slightly different API. The concepts of stack and tab navigation are the same, so for consistency with the videos install version 2, and use the corresponding [docs](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/2.x/getting-started/).

This course uses React Native's AsyncStorage, however, this is now deprecated. It is recommended to use the [React Native Community Async Storage](https://react-native-community.github.io/async-storage/docs/install) which needs to be installed from NPM.

Xcode may display different options if you are running a newer version - follow [Apple's Distributing Your App for Beta Testing and Releases](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/distributing_your_app_for_beta_testing_and_releases) guide for more information.

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/dijonmusters"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13792200?s=460&u=a4fe6e9e2a155e1f8e88cc261583c116d953d491&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jon Meyers</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/notes" title="Content">🖋</td>
  </tr>
</table>

[✏️ Edit on GitHub](https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/tree/master/build-a-react-native-application-for-ios-and-android-from-start-to-finish/notes)
