real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/README.md, before:

# [Real Time Data with GraphQL Subscriptions](https://egghead.io/playlists/build-a-github-issue-viewer-in-react-and-graphql-be5a)

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/tags/images/000/001/034/full/graphqllogo.png" width="300" /></p>

## About 🔍

We are going to use OneGraph GraphQL server and urql GraphQL Client to build a real time chat application.

## React/GraphQL Project 🎓
After completing the course and absorbing all of this knowledge, the best way to solidify it is by using it!

You can find a challenge written up for you to test your new GraphQL knowledge in the [Excercises folder](./exercises/README.md). We've given you a scenario for you to implement another feature that involves GraphQL subscriptions.

You'll notice that there is a community solutions file within the [Excercises](./exercises/community-solutions.md) section. We encourage you to submit a PR and add your solution!

## Instructor 🎓

[Ian Jones](https://egghead.io/instructors/ian-jones). Ian Jones is works for egghead writing Ruby on Rails and React.

[Ian's courses at egghead.](https://egghead.io/instructors/ian-jones)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [01 - Query Multiple Services with OneGraph GraphiQL Editor](notes/01-graphql-query-multiple-services-with-onegraph-graphiql-editor.md)
- [02 - Query Multiple Services with urqls GraphQL Client](notes/02-graphql-query-multiple-services-with-urqls-graphql-client.md)
- [03 - Write an Authenticated Query in OneGraph](notes/03-graphql-write-an-authenticated-query-in-onegraph.md)
- [04 - Paste a OneGraph query and bring over variables from the Graphiql editor](notes/04-graphql-paste-a-onegraph-query-and-bring-over-variables-from-the-graphiql-editor.md)
- [05 - Refactor commonly used variables into a utils file to be shared across our app](notes/05-egghead-refactor-commonly-used-variables-into-a-utils-file-to-be-shared-across-our-app.md)
- [06 - Install and create an OneGraph authentication object](notes/06-egghead-install-and-create-an-onegraph-authentication-object.md)
- [07 - Create an AuthProvider component for our react application to use through React Context](notes/07-egghead-create-an-authprovider-component-for-our-react-application-to-use-through-react-context.md)
- [08 - Wrap our React application in our AuthProvider component](notes/08-egghead-wrap-our-react-application-in-our-authprovider-component.md)
- [09 - Pass authorization headers to our requests through urql's fetchOptions](notes/09-egghead-pass-authorization-headers-to-our-requests-through-urql-s-fetchoptions.md)
- [10 - Query Github Comments with One Graph through Urql's Client](notes/10-graphql-query-github-comments-with-one-graph-through-urql-s-client.md)
- [11 - Display GraphQL Data with A React Component](notes/11-graphql-display-graphql-data-with-a-react-component.md)
- [12 - Use a GraphQL Mutation to Create a Github Issue Comment](notes/12-graphql-use-a-graphql-mutation-to-create-a-github-issue-comment.md)
- [13 - Style A List Component](notes/13-graphql-style-a-list-component.md)
- [14 - Use Urqls useMutation to Create Github Issues in a React App](notes/14-graphql-use-urqls-usemutation-to-create-github-issues-in-a-react-app.md)
- [15 - Style our Input Component with CSS-inJS](notes/15-css-style-our-input-component-with-css-injs.md)
- [16 - Write a GraphQL Subscription Query in a Graphiql Editor](notes/16-graphql-write-a-graphql-subscription-query-in-the-graphiql-editor.md)
- [17 - Extract a view component from our CommentQuery Component](notes/17-egghead-extract-a-view-component-from-our-commentquery-component.md)
- [18 - Write a Subscription GraphQL Query with Urql](notes/18-react-write-a-subscription-graphql-query-with-urql.md)
- [19 - Reduce A GraphQL Subscription Stream into a Collection](notes/19-react-reduce-a-graphql-subscription-stream-into-a-collection.md)
- [21 - Display GraphQL Subscription Results to the UI](notes/20-react-display-graphql-subscription-results-to-the-ui.md)
- [21 - Use a GraphQL Query and Subscription Together to Fetch the History and Current Comments](notes/21-react-use-a-graphql-query-and-subscription-together-to-fetch-the-history-and-current-comments.md)

## Emoji Legend 🧠

| emoji |        explanation        |
| ----- | :-----------------------: |
| 📹    | links to the course video |
| 💻    |     course repository     |
| ⌨️    |     keyboard shortcut     |
| 🤔    |   additional resources    |
| 👍    |       good practice       |
| ❗    |    significant change     |

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/dijonmusters">
        <img
          src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13792200?v=4"
          width="100px;"
          alt="Jon Meyers's profile picture"
        />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Jon Meyers</b></sub>
      </a>
      <br />
      <a
        href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/notes"
        title="Content">
        🖋
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lsminter"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/26470581?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lucas Minter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/gatsby-theme-authoring-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alsminter" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/zacjones93">
        <img
          src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6188161?v=4"
          width="100px;"
          alt="Zac Jones's profile picture"
        />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Zac Jones</b></sub>
      </a>
      <br />
      <a
        href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/notes"
        title="Content">
        🖋
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

update readme with additional info
needs updated Table of Contents

real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/README.md, after:


<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://egghead.io/playlists/build-a-github-issue-viewer-in-react-and-graphql-be5a">React Real-Time Messaging with GraphQL using urql and OneGraph</a></h1>

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/playlists/square_covers/000/409/013/full/EGH_RealtimeGraphqL.png" width="300" /></p>

## About 🔍

We are going to use OneGraph GraphQL server and urql GraphQL Client to build a real time chat application.

This repo contains notes from [Ian Jones](https://twitter.com/_jonesian)'s Egghead course R[eact Real-Time Messaging with GraphQL using urql and OneGraph](https://egghead.io/playlists/build-a-github-issue-viewer-in-react-and-graphql-be5a).

These notes contain the same structure as the transcriptions, along with additional rewrites, links to resources, and personal takes on the lesson. Feel free to submit additions to these notes, but please don't remove anything (unless we messed up or misunderstood something).

Generally, there is one document for each lesson in the course. If there are related lessons, the notes will be in the same document.

---

## React/GraphQL Project 🎓
After completing the course and absorbing all of this knowledge, the best way to solidify it is by using it!

You can find a challenge written up for you to test your new GraphQL knowledge in the [Excercises folder](./exercises/README.md). We've given you a scenario for you to implement another feature that involves GraphQL subscriptions.

You'll notice that there is a community solutions file within the [Excercises](./exercises/community-solutions.md) section. We encourage you to submit a PR and add your solution!

## Instructor 🎓

[Ian Jones](https://egghead.io/instructors/ian-jones). Ian Jones is works for egghead writing Ruby on Rails and React.

[Ian's courses at egghead.](https://egghead.io/instructors/ian-jones)

## Table of Contents 📜

- [01 - Query Multiple Services with OneGraph GraphiQL Editor](notes/)
- [02 - Query Multiple Services with urqls GraphQL Client](notes/02-graphql-query-multiple-services-with-urqls-graphql-client.md)
- [03 - Write an Authenticated Query in OneGraph](notes/03-graphql-write-an-authenticated-query-in-onegraph.md)
- [04 - Paste a OneGraph query and bring over variables from the Graphiql editor](notes/04-graphql-paste-a-onegraph-query-and-bring-over-variables-from-the-graphiql-editor.md)
- [05 - Refactor commonly used variables into a utils file to be shared across our app](notes/05-egghead-refactor-commonly-used-variables-into-a-utils-file-to-be-shared-across-our-app.md)
- [06 - Install and create an OneGraph authentication object](notes/06-egghead-install-and-create-an-onegraph-authentication-object.md)
- [07 - Create an AuthProvider component for our react application to use through React Context](notes/07-egghead-create-an-authprovider-component-for-our-react-application-to-use-through-react-context.md)
- [08 - Wrap our React application in our AuthProvider component](notes/08-egghead-wrap-our-react-application-in-our-authprovider-component.md)
- [09 - Pass authorization headers to our requests through urql's fetchOptions](notes/09-egghead-pass-authorization-headers-to-our-requests-through-urql-s-fetchoptions.md)
- [10 - Query Github Comments with One Graph through Urql's Client](notes/10-graphql-query-github-comments-with-one-graph-through-urql-s-client.md)
- [11 - Display GraphQL Data with A React Component](notes/11-graphql-display-graphql-data-with-a-react-component.md)
- [12 - Use a GraphQL Mutation to Create a Github Issue Comment](notes/12-graphql-use-a-graphql-mutation-to-create-a-github-issue-comment.md)
- [13 - Style A List Component](notes/13-graphql-style-a-list-component.md)
- [14 - Use Urqls useMutation to Create Github Issues in a React App](notes/14-graphql-use-urqls-usemutation-to-create-github-issues-in-a-react-app.md)
- [15 - Style our Input Component with CSS-inJS](notes/15-css-style-our-input-component-with-css-injs.md)
- [16 - Write a GraphQL Subscription Query in a Graphiql Editor](notes/16-graphql-write-a-graphql-subscription-query-in-the-graphiql-editor.md)
- [17 - Extract a view component from our CommentQuery Component](notes/17-egghead-extract-a-view-component-from-our-commentquery-component.md)
- [18 - Write a Subscription GraphQL Query with Urql](notes/18-react-write-a-subscription-graphql-query-with-urql.md)
- [19 - Reduce A GraphQL Subscription Stream into a Collection](notes/19-react-reduce-a-graphql-subscription-stream-into-a-collection.md)
- [21 - Display GraphQL Subscription Results to the UI](notes/20-react-display-graphql-subscription-results-to-the-ui.md)
- [21 - Use a GraphQL Query and Subscription Together to Fetch the History and Current Comments](notes/21-react-use-a-graphql-query-and-subscription-together-to-fetch-the-history-and-current-comments.md)

## Emoji Legend 🧠
| emoji |        explanation        |
| ----- | :-----------------------: |
| 📹    | links to the course video |
| 💻    |     course repository     |
| ⌨️     |     keyboard shortcut     |
| 🤔    |   additional resources    |
| 👍    |       good practice       |
| ❗    |    significant change     |

## Contributors ✨

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/dijonmusters">
        <img
          src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13792200?v=4"
          width="100px;"
          alt="Jon Meyers's profile picture"
        />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Jon Meyers</b></sub>
      </a>
      <br />
      <a
        href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/notes"
        title="Content">
        🖋
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lsminter"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/26470581?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lucas Minter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/gatsby-theme-authoring-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alsminter" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/zacjones93">
        <img
          src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6188161?v=4"
          width="100px;"
          alt="Zac Jones's profile picture"
        />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Zac Jones</b></sub>
      </a>
      <br />
      <a
        href="https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/real-time-data-with-graphql-subscriptions/notes"
        title="Content">
        🖋
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://maggieappleton.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5599295?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Appleton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-MaggieAppleton" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>
