composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript/README.md, before:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-9-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://egghead.io/playlists/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript-1223">Composing Closures and Callbacks in JavaScript</a></h1>

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/playlists/square_covers/000/402/036/full/EGH_ComposingCallbacks_Final.png" width="340"></p>

## About 🔍

This repo contains notes from [John Lindquist](https://twitter.com/tlakomy)'s egghead course [Composing Closures and Callbacks in JavaScript](https://egghead.io/playlists/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript-1223).

These notes contain the same structure as the transcriptions, along with additional rewrites, links to resources, and personal takes on the lesson. Feel free to submit additions to these notes, but please don't remove anything (unless we messed up or misunderstood something).

Generally, there is one document for each lesson in the course. If there are related lessons, the notes will be in the same document.

## Course Objective 💪

In this course, John Lindquist guides you from a blank JavaScript file all the way through creating a library of reusable functions not unlike those found in RxJS. The difference is you'll be writing from scratch.

You'll learn techniques for solving Callback Hell with composition, implementing debouncing, and building a word game among several other examples.

Using callbacks in code is a major pattern in JavaScript, and learning to work with them effectively will take your problem-solving skills to the next level.

### What you'll learn

- Closures, Callbacks, and Composition
- Currying, Caching, and Creating operators
- Creating custom React Hooks

## Who is John Lindquist? 👨‍💻

John Lindquist is a co-founder of egghead.io John has spent the majority of his career developing Rich Web Applications. Before starting egghead.io, John worked at JetBrains as a WebStorm evangelist, and before that he was a Technical Architect at Isobar leading large teams in building the latest and greatest in web apps for the Air Force, HBO, and Bloomberg.

## Notes - Sections 📜

This course contains eight modules. We recommend going through the course linearly from start to finish.

1. [Introduction to Callbacks, Broadcasters, and Listeners](https://egghead.io/playlists/introduction-to-callbacks-broadcasters-and-listeners-5bd7)
2. [Establish Callback and Closure patterns Around Async Browser Behaviors](https://egghead.io/playlists/establish-callback-and-closure-patterns-around-async-browser-behaviors-c813)
3. [Use the Callback and Closure Pattern to Build Advanced Async Behaviors](https://egghead.io/playlists/use-the-callback-and-closure-pattern-to-build-advanced-async-behaviors-db15)
4. [Implement the Pattern in Common Async Scenarios](https://egghead.io/playlists/implement-the-pattern-in-common-async-scenarios-c059)
5. [Use a Completion Pattern to enable Repetition and Sequencing](https://egghead.io/playlists/use-a-completion-pattern-to-enable-repetition-and-sequencing-f0ba)
6. [Bringing the Pattern into React](https://egghead.io/playlists/bringing-the-pattern-into-react-decf)
7. [Building Light Search Box](https://egghead.io/playlists/building-light-search-box-bb64)
8. [Implementing a Word Game with Patterns and React](https://egghead.io/playlists/implementing-a-word-game-with-patterns-and-react-dcb0)

## Emoji Legend 🧠

| emoji |        explanation        |
| ----- | :-----------------------: |
| 📹    | links to the course video |
| 💻    |     course repository     |
| ⌨️    |     keyboard shortcut     |
| 🤔    |   additional resources    |
| 👍    |       good practice       |

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/FabioRosado"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/3131401?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Fábio Rosado</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/matiasfha"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/282006?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Matías Hernández Arellano</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/horacioh"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/725120?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Horacio Herrera</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://maggieappleton.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5599295?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Appleton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-MaggieAppleton" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://laurosilva.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/57044804?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lauro Silva</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/build-an-app-with-the-AWS-cloud-development-kit-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alaurosilvacom" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://zacjones.io"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6188161?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Zac Jones</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-zacjones93" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Creeland"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/518406?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Creeland A. Provinsal </b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-Creeland" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lsminter"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/26470581?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lucas Minter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/build-an-app-with-the-AWS-cloud-development-kit-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alsminter" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tayiorbeii"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2262858?s=400&u=d02ad0d859aa1c3f879b70061bf7e4a4338ba150&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Taylor Bell </b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-Creeland" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

add first 4 section tables to README

composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript/README.md, after:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-9-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://egghead.io/playlists/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript-1223">Composing Closures and Callbacks in JavaScript</a></h1>

<p align="center"><img src="https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/playlists/square_covers/000/402/036/full/EGH_ComposingCallbacks_Final.png" width="340"></p>

## About 🔍

This repo contains notes from [John Lindquist](https://twitter.com/tlakomy)'s egghead course [Composing Closures and Callbacks in JavaScript](https://egghead.io/playlists/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript-1223).

These notes contain the same structure as the transcriptions, along with additional rewrites, links to resources, and personal takes on the lesson. Feel free to submit additions to these notes, but please don't remove anything (unless we messed up or misunderstood something).

Generally, there is one document for each lesson in the course. If there are related lessons, the notes will be in the same document.

This course is quite large and has been divided up into sections for you. The following sections correlate to a respective section of lessons on egghead:

| Introduction to Callbacks, Broadcasters, and Listeners                                                                                                                           | Establish Callback and Closure patterns Around Async Browser Behaviors                                                                                                           | Use the Callback and Closure Pattern to Build Advanced Async Behaviors                                                                                                                                           | Implement the Pattern in Common Async Scenarios                                                   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [📹 Section](https://egghead.io/playlists/introduction-to-callbacks-broadcasters-and-listeners-5bd7)                                                                              | [📹 Collection](https://egghead.io/playlists/establish-callback-and-closure-patterns-around-async-browser-behaviors-c813)                                                         | [📹 Collection](https://egghead.io/playlists/use-the-callback-and-closure-pattern-to-build-advanced-async-behaviors-db15)                                                                                         | [📹 Collection](https://egghead.io/playlists/implement-the-pattern-in-common-async-scenarios-c059) |
| [🤔 Notes](https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/tree/master/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript/notes/01-intro-to-callbacks-broadcasters-and-listeners) | [🤔 Notes](https://github.com/eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes/tree/master/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript/notes/02-establish-callback-and-closure-patterns-async) | [🤔 Notes](https://github.com/zacjones93/eggheadio-course-notes/tree/zj/add-section-folders-composing-callbacks/composing-closures-and-callbacks-in-javascript/notes/04-implement-pattern-common-async-scenarios) |                [🤔 Notes](./notes/05-use-completion-pattern-to-enable-repitition-and-sequencing) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                   |
|                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                   |
|                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                   |

## Course Objective 💪

In this course, John Lindquist guides you from a blank JavaScript file all the way through creating a library of reusable functions not unlike those found in RxJS. The difference is you'll be writing from scratch.

You'll learn techniques for solving Callback Hell with composition, implementing debouncing, and building a word game among several other examples.

Using callbacks in code is a major pattern in JavaScript, and learning to work with them effectively will take your problem-solving skills to the next level.

### What you'll learn

- Closures, Callbacks, and Composition
- Currying, Caching, and Creating operators
- Creating custom React Hooks

## Who is John Lindquist? 👨‍💻

John Lindquist is a co-founder of egghead.io John has spent the majority of his career developing Rich Web Applications. Before starting egghead.io, John worked at JetBrains as a WebStorm evangelist, and before that he was a Technical Architect at Isobar leading large teams in building the latest and greatest in web apps for the Air Force, HBO, and Bloomberg.

## Notes - Sections 📜

This course contains eight modules. We recommend going through the course linearly from start to finish.

1. [Introduction to Callbacks, Broadcasters, and Listeners](https://egghead.io/playlists/introduction-to-callbacks-broadcasters-and-listeners-5bd7)
2. [Establish Callback and Closure patterns Around Async Browser Behaviors](https://egghead.io/playlists/establish-callback-and-closure-patterns-around-async-browser-behaviors-c813)
3. [Use the Callback and Closure Pattern to Build Advanced Async Behaviors](https://egghead.io/playlists/use-the-callback-and-closure-pattern-to-build-advanced-async-behaviors-db15)
4. [Implement the Pattern in Common Async Scenarios](https://egghead.io/playlists/implement-the-pattern-in-common-async-scenarios-c059)
5. [Use a Completion Pattern to enable Repetition and Sequencing](https://egghead.io/playlists/use-a-completion-pattern-to-enable-repetition-and-sequencing-f0ba)
6. [Bringing the Pattern into React](https://egghead.io/playlists/bringing-the-pattern-into-react-decf)
7. [Building Light Search Box](https://egghead.io/playlists/building-light-search-box-bb64)
8. [Implementing a Word Game with Patterns and React](https://egghead.io/playlists/implementing-a-word-game-with-patterns-and-react-dcb0)

## Emoji Legend 🧠

| emoji |        explanation        |
| ----- | :-----------------------: |
| 📹    | links to the course video |
| 💻    |     course repository     |
| ⌨️    |     keyboard shortcut     |
| 🤔    |   additional resources    |
| 👍    |       good practice       |

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/FabioRosado"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/3131401?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Fábio Rosado</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/matiasfha"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/282006?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Matías Hernández Arellano</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/horacioh"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/725120?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Horacio Herrera</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://maggieappleton.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5599295?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Appleton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-MaggieAppleton" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://laurosilva.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/57044804?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lauro Silva</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/build-an-app-with-the-AWS-cloud-development-kit-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alaurosilvacom" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://zacjones.io"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6188161?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Zac Jones</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-zacjones93" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Creeland"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/518406?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Creeland A. Provinsal </b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-Creeland" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lsminter"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/26470581?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lucas Minter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/eggheadio-projects/build-an-app-with-the-AWS-cloud-development-kit-notes/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alsminter" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tayiorbeii"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2262858?s=400&u=d02ad0d859aa1c3f879b70061bf7e4a4338ba150&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Taylor Bell </b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-Creeland" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
